README.md, before:

# Linux Keyutils Keyring Store

[![build](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/actions) [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/linux-keyutils-keyring-store.svg?style=flat-square)](https://crates.io/crates/linux-keyutils-keyring-store) [![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/linux-keyutils-keyring-store)

This library provides a credential store for use with the [keyring ecosystem](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/keyring-rs/wiki/Keyring) that uses the Linux key-management facility (keyctl).

## Usage

To use this keychain-compatible credential store provider, you must take a dependency on the [keyring-core crate](https://crates.io/crates/keyring-core) and on [this crate](https://crates.io/crates/linux-keyutils-keyring-store). Then you can instantiate a credential store and set it as your default credential store as shown in the [sample program](examples/example.rs) in this crate.

## License

Licensed under either of the following at your discretion:

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.

Commit message:

Add changelog info to the README.

README.md, after:

# Linux Keyutils Keyring Store

[![build](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/actions/workflows/ci.yaml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/actions) [![crates.io](https://img.shields.io/crates/v/linux-keyutils-keyring-store.svg?style=flat-square)](https://crates.io/crates/linux-keyutils-keyring-store) [![docs.rs](https://docs.rs/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/badge.svg)](https://docs.rs/linux-keyutils-keyring-store)

This library provides a credential store for use with the [keyring ecosystem](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/keyring-rs/wiki/Keyring) that uses the Linux key-management facility (keyctl).

## Usage

To use this keychain-compatible credential store provider, you must take a dependency on the [keyring-core crate](https://crates.io/crates/keyring-core) and on [this crate](https://crates.io/crates/linux-keyutils-keyring-store). Then you can instantiate a credential store and set it as your default credential store as shown in the [sample program](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/blob/main/examples/example.rs) in this crate.

## Changelog

See the [release history on GitHub](https://github.com/open-source-cooperative/linux-keyutils-keyring-store/releases) for full details.

## License

Licensed under either of the following at your discretion:

 * Apache License, Version 2.0 ([LICENSE-APACHE](LICENSE-APACHE) or http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0)
 * MIT license ([LICENSE-MIT](LICENSE-MIT) or http://opensource.org/licenses/MIT)

### Contribution

Unless you explicitly state otherwise, any contribution intentionally submitted
for inclusion in the work by you shall be dual licensed as above, without any
additional terms or conditions.
